docs: add ssl passthrough note in FAQ (#844)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/faq.md

  AppProtocol depend on Kubernetes 1.18 (opt-in) or 1.19 (on by default). 
  There are not any other exceptions to the 1.16+ guideline right now.

* **Q: Is SSL Passthrough supported?**

>   A: SSL Passthrough (wherein the Gateway routes traffic with the Transport

Author: Yep good call. 174161e96778a48c5b81616b92b7c5a432ca0787 rewords this to account for that, let me know if that looks good to you.

>   A: SSL Passthrough (wherein the Gateway routes traffic with the Transport

Author: Yep sounds good. Check out my revision [here](283c7d74c6fa607c0ab14a1678c36828c77b5895) and let me know if you feel this wording is more appropriate.

  AppProtocol depend on Kubernetes 1.18 (opt-in) or 1.19 (on by default). 
  There are not any other exceptions to the 1.16+ guideline right now.

* **Q: Is SSL Passthrough supported?**
  A: SSL Passthrough (wherein a Gateway routes traffic with the [Transport
  Layer Security (TLS)][tls] encryption _intact_ to a backend service instead of
  terminating it) is supported by [TLSRoutes][tlsroute]. See the
  [TLS Guide][tlsguide] for more details about passthrough and other TLS
  configurations.

[1]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api
[2]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api/releases
[tls]:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security
[tlsroute]:/concepts/api-overview.md#tlsroute

> [httproute]:/concepts/api-overview.md#httproute

Reviewer: 🤦 I know I suggested the change here, but it didn't really make sense with my other suggestions above that suggested removing this link entirely. I think this can safely be removed now.

Author: no worries :)
```suggestion
```

  AppProtocol depend on Kubernetes 1.18 (opt-in) or 1.19 (on by default). 
  There are not any other exceptions to the 1.16+ guideline right now.

* **Q: Is SSL Passthrough supported?**
  A: SSL Passthrough (wherein the Gateway routes traffic with the [Transport
  Layer Security (TLS)][tls] encryption _intact_ to a backend service instead of
  terminating it) is not currently a supported routing option when using the
  [HTTPRoute][routes] API. If you need this functionality it is supported by
  the [TLSRoute][tlsroute] API. Also see the [TLS Guide][tlsguide] for more

>   details about passthrough and other TLS configurations.

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend framing it rather as "Yes, it is supported using TLSRoute. It is not supported in HTTPRoute because it is not possible to route based on HTTP metadata without terminating TLS."
This educates our users. The current wording makes me feel "something is possible but is not supported in the API".

Author: Sounds good, 3dc2ed4bf35b970b97193da78c490129aa1e4d9a changes the language lmkwyt

  AppProtocol depend on Kubernetes 1.18 (opt-in) or 1.19 (on by default). 
  There are not any other exceptions to the 1.16+ guideline right now.

* **Q: Is SSL Passthrough supported?**
  A: SSL Passthrough (wherein a Gateway routes traffic with the [Transport
  Layer Security (TLS)][tls] encryption _intact_ to a backend service instead of

>   terminating it) is supported by the [TLSRoute][tlsroute] API. Note that SSL
>   Passthrough is _not_ supported by the [HTTPRoute][routes] API as it is not
>   possible to route based on HTTP metadata without terminating TLS. See the
>   [TLS Guide][tlsguide] for more details about passthrough and other TLS
>   configurations.

Reviewer: To go further with @hbagdi's idea, I think it's probably safe to leave HTTPRoute out entirely.
```suggestion
  terminating it) is supported by [TLSRoutes][tlsroute]. See the
  [TLS Guide][tlsguide] for more details about passthrough and other TLS
  configurations.
```

[1]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api
[2]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api/releases
[tls]:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security
[tlsroute]:/concepts/api-overview.md#tlsroute

> [routes]:/concepts/api-overview.md#routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[httproute]:/concepts/api-overview.md#httproute
```
